For your base map:
	Open in Paint.net.
	Save as a .png.
	Done.


For the normal map.
This will only work for an _msn type normal map, it looks like rainbow vomit. Otherwise see the end.
	Open in Paint.net.
	Save as .png.
	Open the PNG in GIMP.
	Go to - > Colors - > Components.
	Click on Decompose. 
	Now do the same thing, but recompose our grayscale image.
	We need to make sure  we flip the green and blue channels by clicking the dropdown by green, and selecting what ends in blue.
	Do the same thing for blue, and make sure it ends in green. Then hit okay. A totally green background is normal.
	Save this as a PNG, I usually call it "_mns.png"


	Now we open then if we want to convert in Blender.

	Note: If you are doing the body, there is a separate step.
	Otherwise the following works for hands, feet and tails. 

	We only want one object per normal, so if your body mesh has multiple "submeshes", delete them.

	BUT if you are using a body mesh, you need to do this:
		Import both the body and feet nif.
		Delete the material from both.
		Create a new one and name it "Body".
		Then set the materials to this new one.
		Join the body and feet.
		Rotate the model by 90 degrees on the X.

	Otherwise, if a head, hands, custom feet (they use a different texture  than the body), or tail:
		Import the Nif
		Rotate by 90 degrees on the X axis.	
		
	
	Reconvening after either step:
		Save whatever you did in the previous step(s) as an obj with _LP at the end of its name.
		Once this is done, open XNormal. Go to tools --> Object/Tangent Space Converter. 
		Select the LP mesh and the _mns we just exported, put the mesh in Lowpoly, and the input normal as the mns.
		Click on output normal map, you will need to manually type in the filename. I usually do _n.png.
		It will ask you if you want to create it if it doesn't exist, click yes. 
		Make sure the "Convert Object Space to Tangent" is selected and set edge padding to 32.
		Click the big ol' Generate button and wait.
		If your texture is purply goodness then you're almost done. Otherwise go back over the steps to see where it went wrong.
		Open the exported TGA in either Gimp or Paint.net and save as a .PNG.
		Done.

We do not need to worry about a _sk texture, and the _s is treated just like the base map at the very start.


As for Normal maps that you can't really tell if there is anything there, or ending in _n. Skyrim is...strange. It uses model spaced normals only on the bodies, and tangent everywhere else.
But these tangent normals are at about 5-10% opacity otherwise things look too shiny. 
Because of this opacity, we can't just slap this into Unity and call it a day.


	Open the _n in paint.net and save as a png. You should also have the base coulour from the beginning of this process.
	Open Shadermap Pro, you do not have to buy it, just clock off the purchase window and drag/drop the colour. 
	It may need a bit to think, but when it does you'll see some stuff. 
	I like to re-arrange the tiles and remove what I don't need first off.
`	Drag/Drop your _n onto one of the unoccupied squares.
	Click the plus sign in another unoccupied square. We want "Blend Normals (Map A, Map B)".
	Click the right arrow by Alpha til you see Remove. 
	From here, play with the Blend Intensity as you see fit. 
	Make sure to save your project here. 
	Once you have it to something that looks good, there's a little save icon by the blended normal map. Click it.
	A new box will pop up. Save as (filename).tif, then click the right arrow til you see "TIF 16 RGBA" Save it now.
	Open this tif in paint.net and save as a .png either in a new folder, or a different name so we're not over-writing the original _n.
	Done.

Yep. That's pretty much as much as you need to know about texture processing when porting from Skyrim to Unity.
I'm still trying to figure out how to deal with facegen exports, so that will come in a later update.